Oh
you
hi everybody this is Giuliana and I want
to share with you guys a little project
that i created for I think for bling at
this door and as you know as you know
Cynthia carries a bunch of gorgeous
laces and trims and I wanted to go ahead
and make another little project with
some of that gorgeous trims that she
sent to me so I wanted to try something
different so this was a really fun
project I first didn't know where I was
going with this i will share them with
you guys and has you saw the pictures is
actually an altar shoe and these are fun
I've never actually alter a shoe before
and I had this really pair of shoe and I
don't even know where I come from but I
had it for a long long time you guys and
I thought about creating a little bird
nest inside the shoe so that's what I
was going for so what I decided to do is
I glued a bunch of little pieces of
canvas fabric into the shoe so I'll just
cut out little strips and I just kind of
glue it I just use my regular glue um
hot glue to glue it so that's what I did
and then along the edges I also use this
beautiful trim here by a thing for bling
etsy and it just has little pieces that
kind of goes across and i just added the
lace on this side this side is just the
canvas material by itself because if i
were to display the she will probably
display like this so i just added it on
this side of the shoe here in secrecy
there's a couple layers and then here on
the front what i did is i added this a
couple bowls using some must land and
canvas fabrics so i just created two
little bows i added this beautiful
crochet trim from her store as well it's
really gorgeous so these two little
pieces just kind of hangs um this is a
crown by melissa francis i love love
these so i added one here on the on the
tip of the shoe there by the bow and
then i use one of them melissa francis
little bird nests
love it I had this one for a while and
then inside I just added these two
little tiny eggs some pieces of laces
also by a thing for bling and then some
strategy music notes that I also shred
it and then I included in underneath the
little birdie here so I had this little
bird for a long time I think I got it on
Michaels or something like that a while
back and then inside here I just added
some more of this red vintage music
sheet and then some cheesecloth so it
kind of creates a little nest on the
inside and then I decided to add a
little message to this so I grab some of
those um garden wires you call it and I
kind of made my own little like paper
holder paper clip and then I used one of
the tim holtz stamps this is live your
life and I stamped it into this little
piece of paper here and just cut it goes
right in here so goes right in here sets
like the little bird nest here is
holding the little paper clip in the
shoe so it's a little bit different you
guys but I really love how vintage it
came out then totally shabby chic so
this was really really fun to do and
then the other little thing I altar with
this bottle here and this is for a
special friend of mine and it's actually
a base is the flower base and I had
altered some of these in white in one of
my past videos I got a couple of these
bottles on my thrift store for very
cheap so I wanted to go ahead and make a
little base for her and I added the this
beautiful trim here from a thing for
bling at sea and also this gorgeous lace
as well so I just wrap that around the
bottle there and then in the center I
use something binding to create a couple
bows in some of this canvas fabric as
well so I made a little bow that goes
underneath there and then along the
sides here I use some of the laces as
well from the etsy store the really
gorgeous and I love how cream and
vintage they look just beautiful and
then
here I also cut this out this is from
the romance novel paper collection
there's little to access memories and so
I just cut it out distressed it and
placed it on the top of the base here
with a cute little pink butterfly so
that's what it looks like and then I
added this Chevy cheek little flower
here onto the center of the base as well
so it's one of my little gifts for her
and I hope she likes it so that's about
it you guys know since he also has some
other gorgeous trims I am working on a
project using some of her black trims
which is really fun to work with and I
can't wait to share that with you guys
but in the meantime I just wanted to
share these and how you can use her
laces and trims to create some vintage
shabby chic inspired projects so thank
you so much you guys i hope you like
this idea and thank you so much for
watching I'll see you guys soon and
please be sure to check out her Etsy
store as her stores amazing and she
ships really quickly so thank you so
much you guys for watching I'll see
y'all soon bye